<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>Preface for Instructors in Document-Based Cases for Technical Communication, Second Edition</title>
<link href="../styles/mun_9781457615023.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body epub:type="frontmatter">
<section epub:type="preface">
<header><h1 epub:type="title" class="CH"><span epub:type="pagebreak" class="pagebreak" title="iii" id="pageiii" />Preface for Instructors</h1></header>
<p class="noindent">Sample documents are at the heart of the technical communication course, embodying the many ways that writers respond to complex writing situations. <i>Document-Based Cases for Technical Communication</i> aims to provide students with an even richer understanding of rhetorical situations by presenting clusters of related documents, along with realistic tasks, in the context of workplace scenarios. This book provides seven cases that ask students to analyze and produce common workplace documents, such as business graphics, definitions, memos, e-mails, proposals, technical reports, instructions, and presentation graphics.</p>
<p class="indent">The documents in this book are not meant to serve as models of the &#8220;perfect&#8221; memo, proposal, or email. Instead, these documents represent the kinds of raw materials that students are likely to encounter and be asked to work with in real writing situations: examples and templates from a particular workplace, documents that need to be revised, directions from supervisors, and informal questions and advice from colleagues. With significant background information and guidance about how to address the challenges, each case offers students multiple opportunities to make decisions about audience and purpose, to see how their decisions affect the documents they develop, and ultimately to imagine how they might apply course principles and concepts to their chosen career.</p>
<section>
<header><h2 epub:type="title" class="H2">New to This Edition</h2></header>
<p class="noindent">We&#8217;ve reimagined the second edition for the digital age, integrating online communication, social media, and multimodal writing at every opportunity. Four of the seven cases are new, giving students the chance to immerse themselves in rhetorical situations that best mirror the kinds of workplaces they will enter in the twenty-first century. And in both new and updated cases, 20 new tasks give students the opportunity to create and improve documents in a variety of new genres, including blogs and microblogs, online training modules, and press releases. We&#8217;ve placed greater emphasis on document design in the second edition as well, offering fresh opportunities for students to develop their own documents, many of which must be designed specifically for the Web. A new, more Web-oriented text design reflects and reinforces these updates in content. For instructors, new scoring guides are available on the book&#8217;s companion Web site to help you evaluate students&#8217; performance on each case.</p>
</section>
<section>
<header><h2 epub:type="title" class="H2">Key Features</h2></header>
<p class="noindent">Each of the seven cases includes the following features:</p>
<ul class="bullet">
<li>Four realistic workplace tasks require students to analyze sample documents, use information to solve a problem, and create common documents.</li>
<li>Background information provides a rhetorically rich context in which to work with the sample documents and materials.</li>
<li>Advice for meeting the presented challenges helps students focus on the best ways to begin and complete the tasks.</li>
<li>Concluding activities ask students to reflect on the case scenarios and to apply what they have learned to other workplace situations.</li>
<li>Full color electronic copies of case documents are available for students to download and work with.</li>
<li><span epub:type="pagebreak" class="pagebreak" title="iv" id="pageiv" />Grading rubrics for instructors offer criteria for evaluating student responses to each of the case tasks.</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section>
<header><h2 epub:type="title" class="H2">Advice for Using This Book</h2></header>
<p class="noindent">Although this book could serve as a stand-alone text, it is best used in combination with a full-length technical or business communication text. <i>Document-Based Cases for Technical Communication</i> is also available as an e-book within <i>TechCommClass</i>, a unique online course space for technical communication. Visit <a title="external" href="http://yourtechcommclass.com">yourtechcommclass.com</a> to learn more.</p>
<p class="indent">Because each case provides multiple sample documents and several opportunities for students to interact with the materials, you can adapt the cases to meet your course&#8217;s objectives and your students&#8217; needs. You might wish to consider the following strategies for using this casebook in your course:</p>
<ul class="bullet">
<li>Build a one- to two-week unit around a particular case, or build an entire course around the seven workplace genres featured in the cases.</li>
<li>Use case documents as discussion starters.</li>
<li>Ask students to respond to one of the shorter tasks as an in-class or take-home quiz.</li>
<li>Assign selected tasks as homework to reinforce in-class learning.</li>
<li>Use one or more of a case&#8217;s tasks as a major assignment in your course.</li>
<li>Create variations of the cases by changing the audience, purpose, or context for a task.</li>
</ul>
<p class="indent">Overall, this casebook provides you with flexible ways to easily supplement your regular text with in-depth discussions of realistic workplace situations and documents.</p>
</section>
<section>
<header><h2 epub:type="title" class="H2">Acknowledgments</h2></header>
<p class="noindent">I&#8217;d like to thank those instructors who took the time to review the first edition of this text and suggest a multitude of changes and improvements for the second: Michael Dittman, Butler County Community College; Kristin Johnson, Metropolitan State University; Mark Ristroph, Augusta Technical College; Sherry Robertson, Arizona State University; Patricia Scharf, Metropolitan State University; Bruce Wehler, Pennsylvania College of Technology; and Stephanie Zerkel-Humbert, Maple Woods Community College.</p>
<p class="indent">Many thanks also to the reviewers who thoughtfully responded to early drafts and contributed good ideas to the first edition of this book: Bruce Brandt, South Dakota State University; William FitzGerald, University of Maryland, College Park; William Garcia, University of Maryland, College Park; David Gaskill, Saginaw Valley State University; Anne Lehman, Milwaukee Area Technical College; and Lisa DuPree McNair, Georgia Institute of Technology.</p>
<p class="indent">Thanks to Joan Feinberg, Denise Wydra, and Karen Henry for their encouragement and support. Thanks to Leasa Burton for asking me to take on this project and for working with me to develop the ideas and content for the first edition. Thanks to Regina Tavani for her editorial support and advice. I am grateful to Janis Owen for a remarkable text design that brings the content of the project to life in black and white. Thanks also to Anna Palchik for her design direction and to Gregory Erb for his meticulous attention during production.</p>
<p class="indent">I am also grateful to my wife, Lisa, who supported and encouraged me throughout the project. Lisa provided specific details, documents, and technical advice for the Definitions and Descriptions and Instructions cases. She also made valuable suggestions for improving the other cases.</p>
<p class="right"><i>Roger Munger</i></p>
</section>
</section>
</body>
</html>